This Addendum allows for using the Fontspring Web Fonts with the @font-face selector in CSS files for styling HTML web pages and/or ePub publications. 

A. @Font-Face Usage Restrictions for HTML web pages 

You may link the licensed Web Fonts to your HTML web pages using the @font-face selector in CSS with the following restrictions:
1. You must use the provided web-only version of the licensed font (Web Font). Linking to the full, licensed CFF OpenType font designed for desktop installation is prohibited.
2. The Web Font must be subset to include only the glyphs necessary for displaying the web site. 
3. All OpenType features must be removed from the licensed font. 
4. You must include the commented header showing license and copyright information in the provided CSS file. 
5. The licensed Web Font may be simultaneously installed on no more than the number of web site domains specified in the receipt you received for the licensed font. 
6. The Web Font may only be installed on web site domains that are under the direct control of the licensee. 

B. @Font-Face Usage Restrictions for ePub publications 

You may link the licensed Web Fonts to your ePub publications using the @font-face selector in CSS with the following restrictions:
 
1. You must use the provided web-only version of the licensed font (Web Font). Linking to the full, licensed CFF OpenType font designed for desktop installation is prohibited.
2. The Web Font must be subset to include only the glyphs necessary for viewing the ePub publication. 
3. All OpenType features must be removed from the licensed font.
4. You must include the commented header showing license and copyright information in the provided CSS file.
5. The Web Font may only be linked to ePub publications that are published directly by the licensee. 
6. Licensee must make reasonable effort to ensure that recipients cannot extract the licensed font (Web Font) or otherwise use it for the editing or creation of new content. 
7. As specified, the licensed font [Web Font] may be embedded in an unlimited number of ePub publications.

C. Other Web Site/ePub Linking

1. You may not convert or embed the licensed font with any other technology. This includes Javascript methods such as Cufón and Typeface.js.